Dr/oauth2 improvements (#63)
ecg-icas/icas: doc/next/_sources/authentication.rst.txt

 * - reporting
   - Grants access to reporting endpoints only. Allows creation of detailed downloadable reports

> You can find a generalized sequence diagram of the Oauth2 flow below (click to expand).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a generalised sequence diagram of the OAuth 2.0 flow below (click to expand).
```
